Nimona (the movie) - 6/10

The humor feels very geared toward kids and feels quite cringe at times. I like the story and characters overall.
Nimona as a character gains so much depth throughout the movie- she starts out being very annoying but her relationship development with Balister is adorable. And her story gets very serious in the movie. The movie improves on a lot of aspects of the comics (if I remember correctly, Nimona does a lot more explicit murder) that makes it easier to suspend disbelief. It isn't a very one-to-one adaptation, but you can see where certain scenes could have drawn inspiration from the comic. IDK it's not the most amazing thing ever but it's a good watch.

The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals (2018 ver.) - 7/10 (rewatched fall 2026)

Fuck yeah. This one is an all-timer. Still ranks as only my... third favorite StarKid Musical? Paul and the other characters (maybe other than Bill and Charlotte) are fairly shallow and it's ALMOST not enough to carry a musical. I feel like the 2nd half is a bit slow for my liking, adore the ending though. 

Breaking Bad - 7/10 (watched spring 2026)

It's good don't get me wrong but Holy Shit I hate Walter so much by like the 3rd season. I also don't think I'm cut out for longer shows tbh. At some point they feel like chores to get through.

Twisted - 9/10 (rewatched spring 2026)

I've seen this one called StarKid's magnum opus and that assessment is 200% right. The humor is gold, the plot has a deeply emotional core, Aladdin is the biggest scumbag I've seen, overall amazing. The Princess is one of the worse characters but by the end even she gets to shine. The opening song is iconic. If you like raunchy comedy, or if you like heartfelt familial relationships, please watch it I *promise* it will win you over.

Steven Universe - 5/10

This show does a lot of things well and then in other aspects it completely baffles me. I don't think I have much new to add to this discussion. Love Like You is a great song, Season 6 should have been a space pirate epic, ummmm umm ummm that's about it. Feel free to watch it if you want to subject yourself to a frustrating amount of filler. 

You Seem Pretty Sad For A Girl So In Love - 8/10

I ended up liking a lot of songs off this one despite myself. SOUR and GUTS were genuinely fascinating albums to me because they feel like they were written to be relatable and when I hear songs off them I feel extremely out of my depth. I like to wonder if other people feel that upset about their breakups, because I have never experienced that kind of emotional reaction to a breakup in the slightest.

YSPSFAGSIL feels significantly more mature than Olivia's older songs. Maybe I like it more because it fits with my (incredibly rational) idea that romance is supposed to be misery inducing and eats away at your personhood. :shrug: Also I just like the way (some) of the songs sound.